#Description of the zom-botapacolypse maze game

= Description =

     In this game, you, the player are trapped in a maze. Your goal is to escape the maze. However, zombies and robots are dispersed throughout the maze and can kill you. Robots can shoot and if you are shot your life goes down. Zombies can bite you and if this happens, your life will slowly drain and you will turn into a zombie. You, the player, can pick up weapons to defend yourself and get safely to the end. There will be a level with just zombies and another with just robots, and  another level with both robots and zombies.


= Controls =
 * Forward: W
 * Back: S
 * Right: D
 * Left: A

= Objects =

== [Man] ==
The player character that you move throughout the maze trying to get to the end and avoiding the zombies and robots

== [Zombie] ==
An enemy character that will wander throughout the maze. It will chase the man if it sees it and will attempt to kill him. The Zombie can be killed by the man or by a robot.

== [Robot] ==
An enemy character that wanders through the maze. It can shoot and will chase the man if it sees him. The robot will attempt to kill the man but the man is also able to kill the robot. It will also try to kill zombies.

== [Wall] ==
The object that makes up the sides of the maze. It is unbreakable, and cannot be jumped over or dug under. 

== [Stick] ==
A promising, reliable object for protection. It can be picked up by the man to be used to kill robots and zombies. It will break after a certain amount of hits.

== [Taser] ==
A shoot range weapon that shoots electricity. It can be used on both robots and zombies, but it will kill robots in one hit. It can only be used twice before it breaks.

== [Stun Gun] ==





